C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.exe
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.deps.json
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.dll
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.pdb
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.GameStore.Api.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.GameStore.Api.props
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.GameStore.Api.props
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.GameStore.Api.props
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\GameStore.Api.styles.css
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.dll
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\GameStore.Api.dll
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.pdb
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\asp.net\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\GameStore.Api.dll
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.exe
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.deps.json
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.dll
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.pdb
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.GameStore.Api.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.GameStore.Api.props
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.GameStore.Api.props
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.GameStore.Api.props
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\GameStore.Api.styles.css
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.dll
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\GameStore.Api.dll
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.pdb
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\GameStore.Api.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\naifer\Desktop\projects-problems\omarNaifer12\asp.net Core Apis\GameStore.Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\GameStore.Api.dll
